good morning folks starting with
Stellarium if you don't know just as the
light fades from the sky this evening
you can look to the east and see Jupiter
shining much brighter than this gives a
credit for it just below the Pleiades
by tomorrow morning sunrise the Leonid
meteor shower will be in full swing
likely not this heavy but hey this is
better to look at than some article on
to yesterday CNN footage which had me
completely fooled into thinking that
could have been UFOs if you thought
every rafael intercept their left smoke
trails you were not alone you're also
wrong like me the shape of the puffs and
the lack of smoke trails had me
suspicious but this is iron dome at work
I've also put a link to the HD footage
which shows I was wrong yesterday state
of the climate report by NOAA is out for
October
the most notable piece was that the
seven warmest 12-month spans we have
ever recorded ended in 2012 got that
visualized histologically and in numeric
form rounding up news stories Norway has
shut down its North Sea state oil
platform this rig is responsible for 10%
of the nation's output
I always forget to mention that
volcanoes are part of the quake watches
got New Zealand on alert two most
significant quakes of the day were a
Southern Pacific Ridge tremor and a
moderate swarm off the east coast of
cooch octa we remember from yesterday
these cyclonic lows are the main weather
drivers for Europe right now bringing
rain on the eastern side of the helix
purple shows precipitation to come look
how this low cuts across the Australian
continent bringing precipitation all the
way through to New Zealand white to red
our thunderstorm possibilities all these
cities love seeing southern air this
time of year warming them up and headed
for that large low over central Canada
to the west two more low spinning
counterclockwise and bringing a fair
amount of shear even ahead of the cell
impact itself here are the next day's
coming temperatures solar wind is very
quiet red BZ up top is at low values
green temperature and yellow speed are
stable orange density is stable but
elevated slightly from normal so we are
taking induced resonance on this
magnetic meter had some rare red
Aurora's last night they are only
supposed to happen during severe
geomagnetic storms weakening shields
coming to the continuum images watch the
decay of these regions it's like they
don't even want to be here
even the sunspots newly Crested look
measly but we surely can't sleep on the
Sun just yet first double eruption
happened not long ago the huge blast to
the left is luckily not coming at Earth
but the smaller central hydro flare is
probably the second cm II currently on
its way little solar tsunami where the
filament erupted another reason not to
sleep on the Sun Mercury merely transits
the Sun when conjoining tomorrow his
highly inclined orbit happens to bring
him very close to the Sun tomorrow for
the alignment and there's a few days
later on the 19th and 20th mercury can
joins Jupiter after that we have a week
off until the Big Show begins
eyes open no fear at 6:06 a.m. Eastern
Time and that's the news we save
everyone